how much we know about creatures
we are surrounded by most of them
absolutely harmless to humans in our
the world there are those who are able to kill
a few minutes in this issue speech
will go about the most dangerous animals in the world
blue-headed octopus is
extremely poisonous creature and that
its size does not exceed the golf ball
octopus lives in coastal waters
australia and from one individual is able
kill about 25 people
i dos lamprey is extremely toxic when
blood entering
it causes numbness and paralysis of the body
in just a few minutes if not on time
lead the antidote then comes full
paralysis leading to cardiac arrest
and death
wood frog frog which by no means
case, you can not take her skin
releases strong poisons
nerve deetsya
south america
use it to lubricate the pile of arrows
I will give the poison of one frog able to kill 10
man even getting a tiny share
poisons scratch on the body can kill
such a large beast as yaguar
stone fish is the worst and most
poisonous fish in the ocean lives in the waters
Pacific and Indian oceans and from fish
causes severe pain shock necrosis
tissues of the affected area
It is believed that I cause the most tracks
severe pain that only can
experience the man many affected
they pray that they be amputated struck
body area
if you do not have time to give medical
help goes fatal
the taipan itself is the deadly serpent of australia
Stepan can kill an adult horse
a few minutes snake teeth reach
length up to 13 millimeters and capable
contain up to four hundred milligrams of poison
I taipana blocks muscle contraction that
causes paralysis of the respiratory system
and also violates blood clotting
all things bitten by humans had a deadly
outcome as one snake bite is capable
kill up to 100 people
Cubomedusa the most dangerous creature on
earth
annually from the burn caused by them i will give
more than a hundred people die
bo medusa lives in the waters of australia
to minimize collision jellyfish
with man australian beaches
enclose special nets poison
cubed jelly consists of a mixture of toxins
that affect the heart and nervous
the system
burns cause such hellish pain that
most of the victims are just drowning
survivors after meeting this little
the creature gets badly wounded
terrible burns and subsequent scars
subscribe to the channel put like and
remember that there is still a lot of things in the world
interesting